Loyalty to His Majesty is loyalty
If you go against it, you will be raped.
Then if you are really a fool
Isn't it true that loyalty to justice will harm the people?
Is Yue Ming also loyal?
That certainly doesn't count
Right.
So there is never a fixed standard in the middle
different positions
Even the dead are different in the middle
Fake Honey
cloak it with frost
The human heart is the most fickle
What about today's traitor?
Not the human performers of virtual idols
And what about today's human performers of virtual idols?
It doesn't have to be tomorrow's great traitor
OK
People's ambitions grow step by step
Yeah, so there are no friends forever.
There are no permanent enemies
Only the eternal beloved concubine?
Then His Majesty hands over the government to the cabinet
Are you going to let go? Now the court is stable
In fact, it doesn't matter whether there is a certificate or not.
Everyone earns the same without the earth
Your Majesty is disrespectful to heavy objects
What are you going to do next?
I'm ready to continue being a fool
Your Majesty has clearly just washed away the name of the fainted king
Why repeat the same mistakes
I can't help it.
Who let me have two people by my side?
Such a beautiful woman
Your Majesty is pretending again
Tell me what are you doing?
I want to be a finalist
A good emperor is not appropriate
Why did His Majesty become a craftsman?